a web exclusive my name is Anita Dobson
I'm an actress who would play me in a
film of my life I probably have to sort
of cruise all the young actresses that
you know that are on the scene now of
which there are some fantastic young
talents around I'd like it to be someone
British and probably somebody who came
from my area was either from the East
End or from Essex or ill photo Dagon or
one of those great places yes definitely
British and somebody who probably had a
grounding in serious theatre but had a
kind of slightly zany side as well I
haven't bought an album for years and
years and years my husband is a musician
so I tend to sort of listen to stuff
through him really and also life has
become so busy and mainly I'm sort of
interested in reading scripts so
although I do listen to music I don't
really often get the time to to buy
album so I have to admit if you looked
at my collection it's very retro as am I
my secret talent no I don't think I do
have a secret I think perhaps my talent
is for for introducing people to each
other I think would be beneficial I'm
quite good at spotting if somebody like
I love matchmaking it's a sort of
pastime of mine when I was younger I
before I became an actress I thought I
should at least try lots of other jobs
and find out if I'm good at anything
else and I wasn't and so here I am so my
one talent is the thing that I do